Individual section:
To make the puzzle more entertaining and interactive, different types of joints are proposed as the key feature of the puzzle. In order to create a successful joint, my first task is to talk to other group members frequently. My goal is to make sure that everything will fit nicely together in the end, because based on our schedule, all the dimensions are not finalized 2 weeks before the final submission. In addition to that, rough drafts of the joints need to be designed before all the files are received and verified. The design of the joints follows two considerations. First, under the physical constraints of the 3d printer, all the joints must be printable with proper tolerance labelled on them. Second, joints should give users some clues about the assembly procedure. Referring to all the possible choices in the market, three of them are being selected: pin joints, hinges, and dovetails. All these joints are commonly used in our everyday life and by inspection, users can get a rough understanding of the assembly procedure regardless of the order. After receiving all the joints from other group members, small changes and tolerance are made to make the puzzle fit nicely in SolidWorks. Unexpectedly, after the actual puzzle is being printed out by the M200 3D printer, our group discover that all the joints fit very tightly which make it extremely hard to interact with. First, a group root cause analysis is held. The problem is that the tolerance is set to bidirectional. But the fact is that the tolerance should be either upper or lower in the joint otherwise the dimension of each other will cause an overlapping. Under the limited-time and reprint option, the only viable solution becomes to file down the current printer and those small fragile parts are being redesigned and reprinted. Throughout the design project, I understand the importance of printing out small sample before starting the large scale manufacturing, and ways to properly collaborate with other team members.