Individual contribution
Part 1:
	design loop feedback:
		Retractable supporting structure failure
		
insight:
	The design intends to dig a row and then pick up the potato being exposed to the air under the TsTsian's physical constraint. During the group discussion, three steps are established to achieve the goal. First, a retractable mechanism is needed to create a strong force to penetrate the soil. Second, TsTsians need to apply a pulling force to move the tool toward themselves. In the end, the retractable mechanism should be able to collect the potato in the shovel into a bag. 
	(graphical illustrations are required)
	In the low fidelity, our group decided to use a retractable umbrella instead of designing and manufacturing one for our own product to link the shovel and the chassis. The testing data had shown that the force required to retract the umbrella increased significantly after two hours of testing in the Idea Clinic soil pit. The unusual data made our group perform root-cause analysis on the prototype. After disassembling the mechanical structure and inspecting each component, our group discover that the retractable component had bent significantly.  Therefore, during the analysis meeting, our group concluded that the bent is caused by the firm collision with the soil and ground during the test. The umbrella is not strong enough to support the big shovel chosen, additionally, the connection between the umbrella and the chassis using duck tape is not secured and is not being validated before the testing.
	(Picture of the bending umbrella)
	On the other hand, our initial prototype does not define how the user should apply the forces, which allows the user to apply the force vertically, and thus apply all the force directly onto the umbrella, not no the pulley system which is designed to distribute the force evenly on to the umbrella. Based on the test data, the force required vertically is smaller than the horizontal method, therefore, in most cases the ways to apply the force are improper. The data also shows a great impact on the horizontal one rather than the vertically applied force.
	
Evidence:
1. Without changing the design, the first testing only requires 41N of force to fully retract the shovel and the umbrella. But at the end of the testing, the force requires to do the same action is 63N. (Reference to the horizontal force
2. The force required to vertically pull the shovel is 48N. However, to horizontally pull the shovel requires 63N. (based on the last testing made on Nov 17th)
3. All the other group members are willing to apply the force vertically rather than horizontally. (to simulate TsTsians)

Recommend actions:
For revision 1(the first prototype):
Remove the retractable feature and design a new solution to penetrate the soiling without moving parts.

Add aluminum frames to support the original structure.

Force the user to only apply the force horizontally, based on the design instruction.

For future iteration:
Change the shovel to a smaller one

Design a new version of the retractable mechanism.

Using a motor to reduce the amount of force required to retract.

More effective use of gravity.